First draft of new marketing guidelines (#1992)
nf-core/website: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

- Use of sexual or discriminatory imagery, comments, jokes, or unwelcome sexual attention.
- Verbal and text comments that reinforce social structures of domination related to gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, ability, physical appearance, body size, race, age, religion, or work experience.

Other more subtle behaviours are also against our code of conduct, and may result in an immediate ban:

> - Sending unsolicited direct-messages or emails to community members on Slack / other platforms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sending unsolicited direct-messages or emails to community members on Slack / other platforms.
```

Reviewer 2: I think there are a lot of technically unsolicited messages that are totally valid. Like me contacting someone for a bytesize talk. Maybe we need to be careful here...

Reviewer 3: Yeah, guess this is a good point. Maybe emphasize `solely for sale/marketing or similar purposes`?

Reviewer 4: This is a good point.

Author: ```suggestion
- Sending unsolicited direct-messages or emails solely for marketing purposes to community members.
```

Reviewer 4: Great!

> - Posting in nf-core spaces specifically to criticise or detract from Nextflow and nf-core, and to promote alternatives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Posting in nf-core spaces specifically to criticise or detract from Nextflow and nf-core, and to promote alternatives.
```

Reviewer 5: I think 'promoting alternatives' seems a bit strong to result in a ban... if someone goes 'oooh look at this new shiny new workflow manager' we all might be interested in looking into it..

I would be a bit clearer e.g.:

```suggestion
- Posting in nf-core spaces specifically to criticise or detract from Nextflow and nf-core for the purposes of promote alternatives
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Posting in nf-core spaces specifically to criticise or detract from Nextflow and nf-core solely for the purposes of promoting alternatives
```
